= Rails 3 Application for SC Programming Exercise

== PROBLEM

Create models that allow a user to follow another user.

The user model's only attribute is "name". You may scaffold the create action.
Create an interface that accepts post requests that allows users to
"follow" other users.
The user's "index" action should list all of the users.
The user's "show" action should show:
1) The user's name
2) The users the user is currently following (with a button to remove
that following)
3) The users the user is not following (with a button to add that following)
4)  The users currently following this user
Do not create a login system for this exercise.

We look for three primary figures of merit in a submitted work:
* Correctness. Does the submitted work solve the problem as stated?
* Clarity. Would the submitted work be easy for others to understand
and evolve?  Does it solve the problem with a minimum of code? Is it
fully self-documenting?
* Efficiency. How would the solution scale as the size of the input scaled?

== GETTING STARTED & INSTALLATION

I am using Rails 3.1.4 and Ruby 1.9.2-p290.

Git clone https://github.com/mykoweb/sc_user_test.

Make sure to run 'bundle install' and set up a PostGreSQL database with the databases 'sc_development', 'sc_test', and 'sc_production'.

Copy the config/database.example.yml file to config/database.yml and fill in your user name and password for PostGreSQL.

You will also need to manually create config/initializers/secret_token.rb.

Run 'rake db:migrate'.

Also, if you want your tables filled with fake user data run 'rake db:populate'.

Finally, run 'rails s' and you should be able to access the site on your local server.

== NOTES

* No user search features were added.
* Listing of users is performed without any ordering, other than by index name of user.
* Creation of new users can only be done from the index page.
* PostGreSQL was used as the data-store, but any database may be used.
* The homepage links to the first page of the user index.
* Rudimentary page caching was used to ease load on database. While this is relatively effective, a more sophisticated approach using fragment caching will be needed to handle all the different pagination combinations found on each user page.
* The site was only briefly tested using Firefox 10.0.2 on Ubuntu Lucid.
* The two paths, '/' and '/users', are cached separately. This will need to be fixed.
* If a new user is created, that user may not appear on an individual user's cached pages until that user adds or removes a following. This is a bug and needs to be fixed.
